The boy is actually shooting a ghost
You come here, if you come here to live, he will be dead
Wu Yong
I advise you not to touch him
I advise your mother
I tell you to take a step forward
Kill him immediately
Hit me on his hands and feet
Have you forgotten?
Stop
Aren't you very good at fighting?
You fight back, haha.
Brother-in-law, hurry up
Leave me alone.
Snow Eagle, don't cry
Trash like this
Brother-in-law can solve it with one hand
I have you if you were a man you would fight me one-on-one
One-on-one real pull
Do you think I'm a fool?
Now I'm a crowd.
Why should I fight you one-on-one? Hahaha.
Someone pulled me to tell you
Today I will play with your sister-in-law in front of you
Hahaha